First pass on docs update (#22)
withfabricxyz/docs: pages/hypersub/settings.mdx

# Subscription Settings

Subscription settings provide more advanced ways to use your Hypersub. To access these settings you must have deployed a Hypersub.

To get started, visit your subscription page and use the edit button above the title. These tools are powerful, and it should be noted that not all combinations are intended, or possible.

You can find information about artwork, title, description and price covered in [Create a Hypersub](https://docs.withfabric.xyz/hypersub/create).

### Theme

> As a default your Hypersub is themed based on dominant colors from the artwork. Set a custom theme by editing the foreground and background color codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, your Hypersub theme is generated based on the colors in your artwork. Set a custom theme by editing the foreground and background colors. Here's a [handy tool](https://g.co/kgs/NdxYFha) for finding the hexadecimal color values.
```

> Change theme to better suit your subscription over time. Some color combinations are better than others, always use high contrasting colors on your subscription page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the theme to better suit your subscription over time. Some color combinations are better than others, always use high contrasting colors on your subscription page.
```

### Initial Price

An initial price requires subscribers to pay a join fee before minting time on your subscription. Set an initial price by switching it on and entering your price.

This up front cost can guarantee more money while serving to filter out those on the fence. Lapsed subscribers don't have to pay the initial price to add time. Subscribers who switch tiers will have to pay again if they switch back.

### Subscription duration

> Configure a start date, end date, or both for your Hypersub with subscription duration. Set the duration by switching it on and using either calendar icons to pick a date and time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure a start date, end date, or both for your Hypersub with subscription duration. Set the duration by switching it on and entering a date and time.
```
